Fars Group exists very any company
We're about to face sky-high prices.
Amounts in excess of 700 million industrial shares related to the company are not
Why not?
Who told you that?
Have you seen it?
Now it's not just Fars Group that's over.
Along with us Long Thanh Group is also artificially hollowed out.
The other side has invested a total of more than 80 billion.
Before and after, our Long Thanh Group lost more than several trillion.
We've got to find out who did this.
The main fund checked clearly
This money is invested by Dang Vuong Group and Tang Group.
We File Snow and Travel
Impossible. The perfect plan.
They could not expose land reports along the route of marrying the king.
Someone saw the jade road yesterday.
Ip Man King of the Snow, is this Tang Yu?
This is it.
"My most underfunded amount can't let the general manager support him," he told Lang Han.
Immediately accelerate in 3 days, and it must be dealt with. Unfortunately, the relatives behind him obeyed.
The body is crumbling.
The 30 billion investment that my family transferred to Tenglong Group two days ago has been transferred back.
There's also 15 billion in profit.
What?
Isn't it true that the money that Wang Yixue invested was excluded from new energy projects and frozen?
It's not the same.